c:\users\outli\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\bin\Debug\DentalApp.dll
c:\users\outli\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\bin\Debug\DentalApp.pdb
c:\users\outli\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\outli\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\outli\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\outli\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\outli\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\outli\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\outli\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\outli\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\outli\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\obj\Debug\DentalApp.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\outli\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\obj\Debug\DentalApp.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\outli\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\obj\Debug\DentalApp.dll
c:\users\outli\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\obj\Debug\DentalApp.pdb
c:\users\outli\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\obj\Debug\DentalApp.InformationPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\outli\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\obj\Debug\DentalApp.DocListPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\outli\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\obj\Debug\DentalApp.PriceListPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\outli\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\obj\Debug\DentalApp.ShedulePage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\outli\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\obj\Debug\DentalApp.ModalPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\outli\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\obj\Debug\DentalApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\outli\Desktop\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\bin\Debug\DentalApp.dll
C:\Users\outli\Desktop\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\bin\Debug\DentalApp.pdb
C:\Users\outli\Desktop\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\outli\Desktop\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Users\outli\Desktop\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\outli\Desktop\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
C:\Users\outli\Desktop\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\outli\Desktop\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
C:\Users\outli\Desktop\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
C:\Users\outli\Desktop\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\outli\Desktop\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\obj\Debug\DentalApp.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\outli\Desktop\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\obj\Debug\DentalApp.App.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\outli\Desktop\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\obj\Debug\DentalApp.InformationPAGE.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\outli\Desktop\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\obj\Debug\DentalApp.PriceListPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\outli\Desktop\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\obj\Debug\DentalApp.ShedulePage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\outli\Desktop\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\obj\Debug\DentalApp.dll
C:\Users\outli\Desktop\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\obj\Debug\DentalApp.pdb
C:\Users\outli\Desktop\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Messaging.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\outli\Desktop\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Messaging.dll
C:\Users\outli\Desktop\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Messaging.pdb
C:\Users\outli\Desktop\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Messaging.xml
C:\Users\outli\Desktop\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Messaging.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Users\outli\Desktop\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Messaging.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\outli\Desktop\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\bin\Debug\CarouselView.FormsPlugin.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\outli\Desktop\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\obj\Debug\DentalApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\outli\Desktop\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\obj\Debug\DentalApp.MapPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\outli\Desktop\DentalApp\DentalApp\DentalApp\obj\Debug\DentalApp.FormFillingPage.xaml.g.cs
